# `yield*`

So far aforementioned generator objects only generate a single value using `yield` expression one at a time. We can also use a `yield*` expression to generate a sequence of values. When a `yield*` expression is encountered, sequence generation of current generator object is delegated to another generator object or iterable object.

## `yield*` & iterable objects

In the code below, generator function `oneToThree` uses `yield* [1, 2, 3]` to generate three values: `1`, `2` and `3`, which has the same result as generator function `sample` in [basic generators](#basic-generators). Using `yield*` expression is more concise and easier to read.

```js
function *oneToThree() {
  yield* [1, 2, 3];
}

debug(oneToThree());
// -> Output 1, 2, 3
```

We can use multiple `yield*` expressions in a generator function, then values from each `yield*` expression are generated in order.

```js
function *multipleYieldStars() {
  yield* [1, 2, 3];
  yield 'x';
  yield* 'hello';
}

debug(multipleYieldStars());
// -> Output 1, 2, 3, 'x', 'h', 'e', 'l', 'l', 'o'
```

## `yield*` & generator objects

We can also use other generator objects in `yield*` expressions.

```js
function *moreValues() {
  yield* oneToThree();
}

debug(moreValues())
// -> Output 1, 2, 3
```

## Value of `yield*`

`yield*` is also an expression, so it's evaluated to a value. The value of `yield*` expression depends on its target, i.e. the expression after `yield*`. The value is the last value generated by the iterable object or generator object, i.e. the `value` property with `done` set to `true`.

If `yield*` is used with iterable objects, then the evaluated value is always `undefined`, because the last generated value is always `{value: undefined, done: true}`.

```js
var result;

function loop(iterable) {
  for (let value of iterable) {
    //ignore
  }
}

function *oneToThree() {
  result = yield* [1, 2, 3];
}

loop(oneToThree());
console.log(result);
// -> undefined
```

If `yield*` is used with generator objects, we can control the last generated value using `return` inside of the generator functions.

```js
var result;

function loop(iterable) {
  for (let value of iterable) {
    //ignore
  }
}

function *abc() {
  yield* 'abc';
  return 'd';
}

function *generator() {
  result = yield* abc();
}

loop(generator());
console.log(result);
// -> "d"
```
